link to codpen https://codepen.io/reed-lauckern/pen/PoKmpRE?editors=1100

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
     It is markup used for us and the computer to understand the commands we've addded.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
        It is the language used to describe the structure of a webpage.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        they give additional information about an element and added at the opening tags. 
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The h1 is the header for the page. It's the biggest and most obvious one on the page and should be used only once.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        Image and input
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
         code containing information about a web page's properties and links to external related files
    7. What is an id? 
        It is a unique identifier used to link to that area to be adjusted later in ccs
    8. What elements can I add an id to?
        any element but they can only have one id 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        once
    10. What is a class? 
        a class is an extensible program-code-template for creating objects
    11. What elements can I add a class to?
         Any element
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As many times as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
        with an anchor href tag
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        It's used to write out what an image looks like for visually impaired people
    15. How do I reference an id?
        with a #
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        The section tag defines sections in a document like chapters, headers, footers whereas div tag defines a division in an HTML document
    17. What is CSS used for? 
        Styling your content
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        by typing h2{} in css and adding your styles
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        “id” is unique in a page and can only apply to at most one element, while “class” selector can apply to multiple elements
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        with a . before the class name
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p.human
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        Selector used to select all elements that are the direct child of its parent element
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        div, sidebar
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
         pseudo-class is a keyword added to a selector that specifies a special state of the selected element(s). For example, :hover
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        text-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        text-between
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
         universal selector *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        //
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? 
        rmv
    Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        It won't prompt you so once it's gone, it's gone
    34. Why should I use version control? 
        To keep track of changes
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        every 20 minutes
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        Once you are ready you type in git add . (this will gather the changes) then git commit -m with your message of what changes have happened. then git push to add it upstream to your github. So it basically goes through 3 staging areas to fully add it to your github.